and the spirit award goes to Jared Leto
thank you thank you thank first of all
the youngest and the most inspiring
actor in the entire room Bruce
Dern in case this is the last time I get
to thank anyone I wrote down a couple
names because it's important to me I
want to thank film independent Jason
Weinberg for being a thank you Jason for
making this so fun and so classy and so
cool
I'm really so honored to be able to work
with you so thank you Jason
Robin balm is well the most beautiful
and classy publicist in the business
wherever you are I don't know with your
daughter somewhere hiding in Malad
Brooke my bigger and better brain thank
you for everything
Mick Sullivan Jim Toth I love you guys
so much thank you
Josh Lieberman Laura wrister roped
Sutherland maja de killed just a couple
people guys jean-marc vallée Matthew
McConaughey all right all right all
right baby after Dallas buyers club I
think I'm gonna pull an opposite Makana
sense and just do romantic comedies
which I think it's only fair you know
and I do want to say you know my mother
took me to art house cinemas when I was
a kid and she introduced me oh hey Keanu
I love you she introduced me to
independent cinema and I'm so
proud to be a part of this gang of
dreamers here today people who take
risks people who put it all on the line
and people who changed lives very very
proud to be a part of you guys to
continue the list now Jennifer Garner
Robbie Brenner Rachel winter Holly
where's moe Logan Levy Nathan Ross
Cassie and Elwes Robin Matthews Curtin
Bart
they have no last names but they're
wonderful
Joe Newcombe Nicholas Chartier the
absolutely incredible team at Focus
Features I love you guys you're amazing
at what you do
Calpernia Addams breakout org Mark Twain
David Bowie Pink Floyd Ansel Adams
Jackson Pollack Steve Jobs Mozart CS
Lewis the one and only River Phoenix
Kurt Cobain the seven billion human
beings on the planet and all the plants
and animals Keith Stanfield
the late great one of my heroes one of
my heroes James Gandolfini his kid and
his wife are here I share this with you
guys
Will Forte you're incredible
talented thank you so much
michael fassbender david fincher
terrence malick scorsese hermann hesse
Stanislavski bolus Loski darren
aronofsky marisa tomei reese witherspoon
Diane Kruger Sarah Polley
uma Thurman Peter Bogdanovich just a
couple more guys stay with me maria
bello peter travers justin Graystone
Wayne Gretzky I don't know why he's in
there I think that's a typo actually
iPhone sorry iTunes guys are
here today I thank you as well I got
it's a hashtag my mind is blown just to
get a little trending topic in there
Thank You Twitter I'd like to thank the
makers of vegan butter baby Jesus
whoever makes size 12 here heals thank
you very much I got to thank Christopher
Walken who always deserves to be thanked
yes thank you
Christopher Walken's girlfriend is here
obviously homemade burritos my brother
Shannon my mother Constance Whitcomb L
Judson the adventure of the zipper the
City of Angels and this is a special one
I want to thank all the women I've been
with and all the women who think they've
been with me dr. Seuss
Ted Serrano's Netflix Philip Seymour
Hoffman the late great Philip my future
ex-wife Lupita I'm thinking about you
and just a couple more the CIA
I mean CIA
the Echelon the Dark Horse's The
Outsiders the dreamers the believer the
believers the 36 million who have died
of AIDS and the 35 million who are still
living with hiv/aids around the world I
dedicate this to you to the LGBT and Q
community here's the life thank you